hey there you know what the worst thing
is about living on the first floor
besides the irish step dancers on the
second floor it's when your house gets
infested with ants and pests
and spiders because they decided your
home is their home
which is not true but well try to
explain it to them
so yesterday when one of the spiders
literally looked me straight in the eye
as i was enjoying my morning cup of
coffee
i decided to act and the first person i
ever call when i face this kind of
problem is of course
grandma hey don't you she's literally
the only person on the planet who could
help me to deal with insects effectively
and trust me when it comes to bugs
eviction
there's no better expert
she was of course happy to help well
after questioning me if i was eating
well and if i was spending enough time
outside
of course but the interrogation was all
worth it because grandma did have a
piece of advice for me
she said i should cut lemon peel into
small pieces
wrap them into some fabric and leave
these bags behind the doors and windows
turns out bugs hate this smell and
they'll stay away from the house
well having fabric bags filled with
random stuff all over the place
is super grandma style but i decided to
give it a try
to be honest i was a bit skeptical but
too willing to make my house an
insect-free zone to doubt so i ordered
a hundred lemons to make it work one
hundred percent
i made really huge bags and put them
three feet away from each other
i was surrounded by them it's a bit
weird decoration but you can choose some
nice fabric and make it beautiful and
honestly
no need to be super extreme like me one
bag per
door or window is enough these bags
really worked wonders
in the following days i didn't see a
single insect
but there was another thing i noticed my
cat who used to love chilling on the
windowsill
and occasionally chewing my plants
stopped doing it
i haven't seen him getting even close to
the window
turns out it's a great cat repellent too
so if you want to keep your cat away
from the garden plants or
some shelves you might want to try it
too so
it all worked but i still had 90 lemons
yeah fine so many was very impulsive but
i had to do something with him now so i
decided to figure out if
lemons had any other secret powers since
i'd collected some wisdom from my
grandma
next was mom i hadn't seen her for a
while so it was
great to finally go visit her but first
i had to go to work
surprisingly i learned another couple of
secrets of lemons there too
my colleague spilled coffee on her
jacket and was very frustrated about
that
another colleague a mother of five
little kids was persuading her
there was nothing like lemon when it
comes to getting rid of stains
mix lemon juice with baking soda and
apply this substance to the stain
then wash it you can pour a cup of lemon
juice in the washer
it'll be enough to get rid of smaller
stains but it'll also help to keep the
clothes color
and as a bonus it'll smell fresh after
the laundry is done
it must work i mean she has five kids
and i've never seen her wearing
something with a stain on it
it's either she only wears clothes once
and then throws them away
or the almighty lemon really does its
job
as we were talking our boss approached
during the long seconds of silence
millions of excuses ran through my head
for not working in the middle of the day
but turns out she was a lemon fan too
she revealed her darkest secret she
never goes to the salon to bleach her
strands of hair
to be honest i was surprised because she
actually looks really good
and i used to think it was done by the
professional but
you guessed it it's done by lemon
citric acid in lemons is a natural
bleaching agent
but don't hurry to apply lemon juice on
your hair
it's not going to change just like that
even if you put your head in the basket
there's another secret ingredient that
goes into
the sun do you know why your hair often
gets lighter after summer
melanin the hairs natural pigment is
responsible for your hair color
being exposed to the sun it changes and
hair color follows suit
so lemon juice and sun is the secret to
success
the acid from the lemon opens up the
cuticles of your hair
then its first layer strips away and
voila
your hair color changes
but unfortunately if your hair is too
dark it might not work for you
then hair salon is your only way after
work i went to my mom's
i have to say she's a cleaning maniac
who loves everything neat and nice
i imagine the day i moved out from her
must have been her best day
as always the house was shining turns
out lemons have something to do even
with this
mom said her secret way of using lemons
is making a cleaning spray
here's how to make it cut some lemons
into a glass jar
or a pot pour vinegar all over it close
and let it stay for two weeks when done
strain the liquid and add the same
amount of water
the spray is ready now you just have to
pour it into a spray bottle
and you're all set to clean even the
dirtiest places
here's another hack for my mom you know
this thing when you just cut a ton of
onions and your hands smell like
well onions then lemon again
is your savior here take a slice of
lemon and rub your hands
fingers and nails with it then wash the
hands
using lemon as soap i'm telling you your
hands will smell fresh like you've never
chopped lemons in your life
the same thing works to get rid of the
smells on the cutting board
rub it with a piece of lemon and wash
when i was walking home
i got a text from my best friend asking
if i wanted to hang out
i did so he invited me over to his
country house for barbecue
i didn't expect i'd learn another lemon
secret but i actually did again
my friend was using lemon to start a
fire you just have to bake lemon peels
until they got darker
and they're ready to go they work
perfectly and there's no need to buy
toxic fire starters anymore
you can even use lemon peels in your
fireplace at home
they'll help to ignite the wood make it
burn longer
and add a nice lemon scent to your house
as we had this lemon benefits talk my
friend's wife
entered the room turns out it was a
family thing
she loved using lemons too she used them
to get rid of bad smell in the kitchen
when it comes to drawers she does it
just like my grandma does
puts dry lemon peels in some fabric bag
adding there's some nicely scented
spices like cinnamon or cardamom
then she just leaves them in a drawer
well maybe cupboards aren't usually that
smelly
but the trash can is and lemon still
works wonders
just throw a couple of peels to the
bottom of the trash can
and they will absorb the smell the trick
works for fridges too and for the
dishwasher
just pour a cup of lemon juice at the
bottom of an empty dishwasher
to be honest it works for literally
everything
you can put lemon peels anywhere you
want it's up to you
your office desk your shoes your
wardrobe
seriously anything there was another
cool trick their young son uses
for him it's hard to deal with long road
trips and he quickly gets nauseous
so they always have a lemon in the car
and whenever he starts
feeling bad he chews on a slice of lemon
well my long day was finally over and i
came back home
i needed to relax so i put the pot on
the stove
of course i added some lemon peels
inside
and let it simmer on the lowest heat
soon after my apartment started getting
a light smell of citrus
i got comfortable in my favorite chair
with my favorite book
and it was the perfect end of the day
this one is my personal lemon hack
the smell of holidays well i guess now i
have that 90 lemons thing figured out
yep lemon peels are so appealing